are you know it we're gonna have to do
some beast in real quick let's get out
let's get out of here whoa excuse me
look behind you oh shit oh shit oh snap
look at that dumb working sirens yeah
hey what's going on everybody my name is
turbo Oh get out of here with that it
are you sound so boring either oh god my
arnold is so terrible guys I'm very
sorry imagine if I did all my
commentaries like hey guys so today's
gameplay holy crap don't be so boring
anyways guys yeah I'm a little sick so I
got a little cough it's nothing too bad
you know it's not like I got the measles
or or something you know you know you
know they got an outbreak going for
measles right now so stay safe everybody
make sure you got to hand sanitizer on
deck anyways guys I bring you a live
gameplay it's been a while since I
brought a live gameplay bringing you the
urban map this time and the this map is
a huge cluster you know what I mean it's
a huge custom it's crazy you know at
first you're gonna be dying a lot and I
notice a lot of people love to meet up
at the stairs the top of the stairs
you're gonna see what I'm talking about
a lot of people hang out there but in
this video I'm just really trying to
demonstrate to you guys how I do well on
this map and that's through patrolling
all three buildings depending on you
know where the actions that you know you
got to learn to adjust your game you got
to learn how to just pay attention to
what's going on in the game you know set
your mind free you know what i mean and
stop focusing on let's just go rush
browse to the bottle yeah well I died a
hundred times you know what I mean and
in this particular game play we're
playing some hard point I know some of
you guys gonna be like oh you know
playing the obj blah blah blah well you
know if you want to see somebody go play
obj why don't you go watch some like I
don't know MLG channel or some shit cuz
I'm just trying to teach you guys the
people who like to go on high streets
the people who don't like to die a lot
what to do
and I can't help it that they put this
game mode in mosh pit so just pay
attention to what I do in this game play
I pretty much hang out in I think like a
few buildings now you got to be really
quick with everything you do this is a
very small map it's gonna be so easy for
the enemy to you know come and catch up
to you and you always gotta check your
back check the spawns check everything
even your underwear cuz you're gonna
shit your pants oh you know once you
played these maps enough you guys are
gonna learn the spawns but I'm gonna be
here to help you figure it out but
anyways guys don't forget rate the video
if you enjoyed the video if you didn't
then I'm sorry I feel bad for you man
and our bit back 12 let's go baby let's
call this in oh I do not want to be in
here me to die of my streak I'll just
defend it like the Good Samaritan that I
am yeah oh man we're in a bad spot
they're gonna be coming from here oh boy
oh boy oh yeah here he comes oh boy
let's get out of here
ah
yes calling this in we're gonna get on a
streak here we are gonna get on the
street oh look at that guy look at that
guy with the rocket get out of here look
at me look at me actually playing the
obj I'm defender I'm a defender dude I'm
to do that just kills the people really
get out of the hardpoint oh man I really
wanted that guy there we go now we're
getting somewhere oh shit I don't know
want to get flanked here save my
teammates ass baby all right yes has
changed this is a good spot this is a
good spot yes let's go baby let's call
this UAV i'm dead i'm pretty sure
they're gonna be coming back here so we
got to get out let's get out now get
under this year hopefully they don't
spawn behind me guys hope i hope not oh
wait somebody up there oh we got system
hack let's call it in I'm shit he died
he died he died he's dead he's dead rift
in rota 15
all right we got we got to let my
teammates go into that area in front of
me cuz oh oh oh my god oh oh oh I don't
know what it just did with my voice yeah
ah the to securely sound with the hell
come on oh I hate this little ring
around the Rosie crap there goes my 15
oh well I'm still enjoying this map
though this map is crazy reminds me of a
sideshow actually no not sideshow I mean
uh Showtime It's Showtime yeah I let's
get out of your a lot of good on a diet
this is a good spot though you know this
is a really good spot I really like this
spot it you know is it for the hard
points you know just pay attention to
where I met oh shit oh shit oh snap look
at that dumb working sunridge y'all are
there is amazing I was career ended both
of those guys all right so just chill
these buildings here man I don't
personally I don't like being in this
building because it's just too hectic
everybody's everybody rushes in here you
know what I mean Oh
oh oh oh I thought he was gonna get me
with his little sniper I da man I
thought I was gonna be doing up here up
here can't let him capture the hardpoint
yeah oh oh oh baby oh I wanted that
triple feed right there come on I want
to hit 50 kills let me get some 50 kills
come on oh shizzle my nizzle that was
fun as hell a hard point and uplink on
this map is really really fun really fun
what how many kill all good 50 and 12v I
don't be honest man i'm enjoying these
maps a lot dude these maps are a pretty
awesome so far and there hope you like
this video yeah it don't forget dog pit
back oh yeah yeah yeah